The Boat Pond
The ducks are swimming in their pond.
They are very happy.
Here are Peppa, George,
Mummy Pig, and Daddy Pig.
Hello, ducks.
The ducks want some bread.
Sorry, Mrs. Duck.
We haven't got any bread today.
We've got something much more fun.
Peppa has brought her toy boat,
and George has brought his toy boat.
Let's wind your boat up, George.
George's boat works with clockwork.
Quick, George, put the boat in the pond
before the clockwork runs out.
George loves his clockwork boat.
Mummy, can you wind my boat up?
Your boat does not need winding up, Peppa.
Peppa. S boat is a sail boat,
the wind makes it go along.
I don't like my boat.
It doesn't do anything.
That's because there isn't any wind today.
Maybe you just need a little help.
I'll huff, and I'll puff,
and I'll blow your boat along.
Hooray, it went really fast.
Peppa loves her sail boat.
Here's Peppa's friend, Suzy Sheep.
Hello, everyone.
Hello, Suzy.
We're playing with our boats.
I've got my speed boat.
Is it clockwork?
No, it has batteries.
Suzy's speed boat
uses batteries to make it go.
What a great speed boat!
Sorry, Mrs. Duck.
Here is Danny Dog,
with Granddad Dog.
Hello, everyone.
Hello, Danny.
My Granddad has made me
this paddle boat.
I'll say that is impressive.
How does it work?
It is steam powered.
I just push this little lever.
What a fantastic paddle boat!
Here is Rebecca Rabbit,
with her mummy.
Hello, everyone.
Hello, Rebecca.
We're playing with our boats.
I wish I had a boat.
Rebecca Rabbit does not have a boat.
I've got an idea.
Luckily I've brought my newspaper along.
I just need one page.
Which page can we use?
News, sports, ah, fashion.
Not the fashion page.
OK, I'll use the business page.
When I was a little piggy,
I used to fold newspaper like this.
What is Daddy Pig doing?
To make a paper boat.
Daddy Pig has made a paper boat.
Thank you, Mr. Pig.
George wants a paper boat too.
I suppose I can do that
with sports page.
Please, can I have one?
And me?
Of course.
Daddy Pig's making paper boats
for everyone.
Let's have a race.
Good idea, Mummy Pig.
We can huff, and puff,
and blow the paper boats across.
Everyone takes a deep breath.
Ready? Steady? Blow!
We have a winner.
Who has this sports page?
That's George's boat.
George's the winner.
I like boats,
and I like paper boats the best.
Me too!
It is time to go home.
Everybody has had a great time.
Bye bye.
Bye bye, ducks.
See you soon.
The ducks enjoy the toy boats,
but they quite like having the pond back
to themselves again.